(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Hi, I'd like to sign up for a photography workshop. Do you still have spots? We have two sessions left, one on Saturday morning and one Sunday afternoon. Saturday works better. 

Is it suitable for complete beginners? Absolutely. We cover everything from basic camera settings to composition. Great. 

Does the fee include the materials or do I need to bring my own camera? You'll need your own camera, but we provide all printed guides and editing software. Perfect. Can I pay online or does it have to be in person? Either works. 

Just make sure to register before Friday to hold your spot. What does the woman want to do? Why does the woman ask about beginners? What does the woman need to bring? What must the woman do before Friday? I've been thinking about switching careers. I want to go into environmental consulting.

That's a big change. Do you have any background in environmental science? Not directly, but my engineering degree covers a lot of related topics. You'd probably need some additional certifications to be competitive.

I've been looking at a six-month online program. It seems manageable alongside work. That sounds smart. 

Networking with people already in the field would help too. I've already joined a professional association. There's an event next month.

Perfect. Start building connections before you officially make the switch. What is the man planning to do? What will the man do next to prepare? What does the man mean when he says the program seems manageable? I'm thinking of opening a small bakery, but I'm not sure where to start.

Have you written a business plan yet? Not yet. I know what I want to sell, but the financial side is confusing. That's the most important part. 

You'll need startup costs, projected income, expenses. My sister is an accountant. She offered to help with the numbers.

That's a huge advantage. What about the location? Have you found a space? I'm looking at two spots downtown, but the rent there is quite high. You might consider starting from home and doing farmer's markets first to test demand.

What does the woman still need to do? Why does the woman mention her sister? What does the woman say about downtown locations? What does the man suggest the woman do first? Did you watch that documentary about ocean plastic last night? Yes. It was eye-opening. I had no idea how much plastic ends up in the ocean each year.

The part about microplastics and fish was the most alarming for me. Same here. It makes you rethink everyday habits like using plastic bottles.

I've already switched to a reusable water bottle. Small change, but it helps. Our company is also planning to eliminate single-use plastics in the cafeteria.

That's great. Individual actions matter, but corporate changes have a much bigger impact. What are the speakers mainly discussing? What has the man already done to help? What does the man mean when he says corporate changes have a bigger impact?

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)